we're going to be
watching this guy with the
unpronouncable name to me because I
don't know how you pronounce
this but he has a a profile picture of a
duck or they do I don't know who they
are so I'm going to call him duck duck
the Aversa assassin and he is trust me
absolutely quackers don't get on the
wrong side him he's going to be facing
off against inura and he's chunky Mech
boy unfortunately though this Mech boy
is very chunky with all this armor
doesn't actually make him any more
durable which is a
shame Me by engineering at its finest
looking pretty intimidating with the
glowing
eyes the visors whatever they are anyway
he's meeting the dock and uh going quite
well for the Met boy so far but he's
probably going to have to teleport away
very lucky there from
Duck instant special there prevents the
cap on the power Nord obviously in Aura
would have wanted to stay in place and
finish that cap until put away wait what
support installation is going
on okay we've got a
cheese bit weird if you ask me that
inura would go for the wreck here first
prior to the power power ACD done now
explains why he was so desperate to get
to the contested power in the center he
wants to 1.5 units out AAP because he's
only got Sluggers I imagine he's going
to be going double storm Bo his pain boy
to beat the AO malus in melee but we'll
see the strike Squad really should just
get onto the generators there's going to
be nothing to stop
them you've got to know if you're duck
that there's clearly something funny
going on you see free generators right
here right and you haven't seen any boys
yet you only see Slugger boys and you've
caught all down here no one's capping
here no one's in the center so my point
is you should know there's no other boys
than the initial Slugger
Squad so you know you need to be
proactive and start punishing this by
taking out generators but unfortunately
duck is being very passive did manage to
evade with his IST the Sluggers so
that's good they're not quite in range
of the charge and now the slers are just
going to do what the strikes should have
been doing get on the
gens they get that nice ranged
resistance whilst they're in melee so
not taking too much here from the Hot
Shot Las guns of those inquisitorial
Storm Troopers but no stor boys rather
very strangely actually anduru is going
for double lers which yeah I don't know
I mean obviously double looters means
you're protected from interceptors
they're not going to instantly kill you
but interceptors are pretty good even
against double looters with all the
jumping that they can
do and it's light
infantry so quite vulnerable to
execution of
pistol and the IST Hot Shot Las guns cuz
there's not a lot of a cover on this map
at all light infantry armor with very
little cover on the
map I'm not sure I would have gone
looters I would have thought that stor
boys would be better I think stor boys
are just amazing in general the best orc
unit I've been saying it repeatedly and
I'm going to keep saying it because
there's nothing that makes me think
otherwise but against AO malas where
you've got these powerful gray Knight
units to deal with with a heavy infantry
the power melee damage of stor boys is
awesome you get stor boys and pin booy
oh you're in for a good
time deploying plasma generator so this
is a bit of a problem too these looters
can infiltrate and there's also
mines so we're going to need a detector
but we're going to need interceptors I
suppose an option here would have been
double oper actually because there's no
detection from inur
side he is going to get set up here does
he get the model he does but strike
Squad will get into
melee no overlapping looter in a little
bit late there on the setup to be honest
H but he's caught one of the I here yep
they get wiped this is
a a weird
game yeah bit of a risky fight there
these guys are buffed by W or there no
blow answer it's probable that the
strike Squad would have won it but it's
yeah
risky those got a special or anything
like that this is a bad situation for
the I too Jesus these Sluggers
MVPs they just absolutely rinse the
entire ralas Army routed fre units there
interceptors are slowly on rout
support installation
deployed I don't know if duck is just
like a random mid level player he
doesn't seem to be playing very well so
I'd laugh if it is like a Smurf of a
veteran because it doesn't look like
it can the EA get in there
yeah wow these guys actually did set up
in this direction but they did no damage
there risk of getting wiped even this
Loa Squad oh God
oh dear or Marauders are taking a
victory point from us for energy nope
all
right not going to happen just keeping
the map control
going research underway not seen the
mines do too much
yet be quite good against
the Storm
Troopers yeah the individual mines the
not that fearsome only hit one model
there as well which is not great but if
nothing else it's controlling the enemy
to do maximum damage you want to M Spike
them so it's where you you right click
really close to your squad if this is a
m you right click here and all the mines
will be put into one area that was a a
very foolish intercept to jump there
should have really predicted that the
Sluggers would have been around and with
two looters there and N support I don't
think that was very wise to commit is
attacked by the enemy there the enemies
of man destroy our points mine's helping
out the mech boy here stop the Avers
assassin getting into melee
immediately we got any other upgrades no
surprised to not see the pistol on the
EA would have been quite good against
this build I mean this amount of
resources from mikuru is absolutely
ridiculous he should have a for
sure if you go for these fastic players
you generally always want four gems
that was an absolutely bizarre noise
what the [__] was
that so totally shutting down the strike
Squad here and obviously you're going to
get a rhino because you give it a heavy
Bolter and then the looters can't both
Ste death guns
however looking at the resource
situation of inur right now you could
just go tank
Busters [__] hell you could go double
tank Busters at this point for the and
again this is a testament as to why yeah
he should have had that F generator up
ages
ago God at this point you could even go
five which is ridiculous I
mean you know not in an optimal game at
all there's the M
Spike boom you can see actual
significant damage to the GRE Knights
there and now we have a slugger knob and
that is quite a bit more fearsome trying
to keep the looters in play but this is
brave with the the Razer back there yeah
just get it
out but likewise strike Squad got to
flee look at these Slugger KN man
chopping up that Razer back even with
power melee getting rear armor hits it's
pretty fearsome
no beam yet what's he doing is this like
some some strategy by inura to whoa what
the [__] was that oh The Beam on the
me oh wow he got way too Bal there the
enemy is infes on [__] hell I didn't
even see the
beaming man yeah having playing the Meb
must be so much easier than moreos it's
incredible I've been playing a lot of
War bus recently and I must say dealing
with Razer backs is a pain in the ass
but the ability to get AV on your hero
like that oh God that must be so
nice cuz you generally need two sources
of Av all the
time note the snare on the razor back
there thanks to the mines and this lasts
a very long period of
time so yeah overall Mech boy a very
very
strong unlocking higher
level I think another shot's going to
kill it I don't know how much it does
per shot is it doing 4 or more daer as
well but he missed huh
yikes mustn't be able to
see that's quite a smart position in
there
from yeah [__] that up I see just
needs to go into melee offer an impact
grenade yeah under attack wow they know
they killed that me boy they got they
did they killed that me boy wow inura
holy [__] what are you doing nice
special attack there from the first
assassin level two wow and he wipes the
suckers what the heck is this
game inar refusing to get beamies okay
finally is going for it if it can come
in time he might get the kill but
there's nothing to provide sight oh my
God this is just
embarrassing inura did you send this in
this is just
awful the [__] kind of game is
this absolutely abolutely ridiculous
fight surely in
didn't new units are available for
deployment so both players are in tier
three inura is going to go for a looted
tank which makes sense no AV scaling
here at all obviously the razor back the
Rhino was turned into a razor back so he
doesn't have the last
Cannon I suppose technically the are in
tier three so they could get the S
cannons we might actually see that atima
wasn't a terrible idea it would
definitely be able to duel with a a
looted tank pretty damn
well add in some s cannons in you good
don't forget the Avers assassin himself
can pick up a melter bomb one of our key
structures is attacked by the enemy but
yeah there is a pair of be looters so we
have lost a building to the enemies of
maybe not the vatima you just got the
classic don't you gr night ter
pretty simple
stuff lob some mines and runs away I'm
not really sure about this C of speed
usage seems a bit of a waste really
what's he doing trying to hunt a razor
back go um beam me ooh nice beam me
ready to deoy rear armor beam me there
wow yeah this ability lasts for a very
long time doesn't it cool our enemies
have 300 points remaining yeah he was
just hunting that razor back so you got
the timing push and that's what you got
to do the enemy obviously theow of
battle is not expecting a tank didn't
have any available to him noons yet no
melter bomb none of that
[__] this is bizarre duck is going for a
neuro
Gauntlet so he's just like yeah I'm just
not going to care about that tank he
just killed my Razer back that was
really helpful but who
cares I'm not sure why he's C speeding
again yeah that's that's very fast
that's good it's fast but
um why why why
why bit of a an awward mire
there that was a good
shot there come
looters and the mill is going to
retreat and we're going to get a knob
Squad distri content with grite
Terminators I mean grite Terminator
should be pretty damn good against the
knob Squad obviously grite terminate as
a power melee with these
hirs knobs are heavy
infantry but knobs can level up knobs
can Retreat grite Terminators can lift
the knobs in place with their psychic
powers and then hack them
up so we're going to need some called
the boys victory
Point good thing in fura is the lack of
units that he's got in general in the
game means he's got a lot of requisition
and that means he can afford a lot of
tier threee units might want to get some
grops I'm noticing he's only got the
mech boy for repairs right now did swap
to the daa daa
daa probably wants to focus on using the
mech boy to cap oh this could be bad for
these
beamies this guy kills things so faster
than you GA that that's so
dead the enemies of man TR flash Kit's
getting some
blasters yeah not going to be able to
cap under that grite fire there going
need to do a bit of a concerted push
here with the the knob
Squad have to see how these gits
do psychic damage on The Blasters will
make them do more damage to Terminators
than any piercing
gun but the problem with the blasters is
that they do Splash damage which means
to balance them their actual damage per
hit is pretty drastically reduced
compared to like let's say a plasma
gum okay this is a bad spot for the
Terminators not one of five five model
knobs with blasters and a looted tank
shooting them that's pretty dumb they
need toart some plasma guns and the ice
te would make sense
here both of these squads are heavy
infantry as you can see in the brackets
here thanks to the beautiful tool tips
bys res location
spotted so plasma would be nice
it is a bit awkward this dealing with
this Avers assassin I guess he really
should be using the
looters nothing else really wants to
fight in One V one obviously the tank
and the knob Squad could do it
but knobs would take a lot of damage
from the EA support installation
deployed you generally want to avoid
fighting him in melee if you can wow
look at that holy [__] they just killed
that Terminator model like
Bang Yeah you can see the splash damage
contributing pretty beautifully there at
killing those interceptors they do blob
up quite a bit when they get the side
cannons I think the scch canons are
predominantly
anti infantry [__] hell anti-
vehicle so using them on Infantry is is
pretty ineffective I I don't think duck
knows that I think duck is is a newer
player cuz what they're doing doesn't
really make any
sense and now they're going to go for a
btim of Razer back but the mech boy is
still a
thing look at this kit here battery pack
to heal the knobs that'll be pretty good
cuz they do
they've got a lot of health and they
haven't lost any
models
en
wow it's a lot of Splash damage a little
bit late there on
the ready but what can you
do and they kill another Terminator what
the [__] I guess all the GS and the tank
are always shooting that lead
Terminator he's just getting all the
damage on
it additional armor deployed to fire
tank I feel like this doesn't give the
200 hp anymore I think it only gives 100
but it might already be on the log of
things things to change Mech boy has
just upgraded back to his be me death
gun and it looks like yeah looters did
sneak around and kill the Avers
assassins that's nice or at least a m
and Retreat and it's going to be another
flash git Squad yeah I mean that's fine
he doesn't really need any AV right now
uh the only problem is he doesn't have
repairs for his
tank but the combination of your your me
boy and the tank and knobs should be
sufficient to be able B they're not
great but
sufficient so he uses frenzy wow that
levitation completely missed with the gr
kns oh looks like they canceled it what
they fighting right now the interceptors
yeah Meb teleports forward going to take
out the bottim the be me no one's
focusing him impact grenade all you need
is if he's teleporting in like that just
cheeky little impact grenade from the
IST will shut him up real quick but yeah
he secures his kill and he's going to
leave the emperor another blaster squad
coming up and yeah here we go some grops
they can go repair this
tank and the looters just protect here
whilst
infiltrated compositionally now inura
has a beautiful comp knobs are already
level two over
4,000 500 HP which is pretty
ridiculous I are a bit awkward you try
bait them in like this to blast them at
close range but then they can impact
grenade here um duck a little bit weak
there on his micro viory Point
secur here yeah just Retreats his IST
anyway yeah I mean I don't know if he'd
have got the
Decap if they then reset
up CRS have got their repair crew so
they are going to be repairing at full
speed they are on repair duties Mech boy
wants to stay a bit more mobile I mean
he can go to do some repairs right now
but he's got super tough beam and he's
got battery pack in order to support the
knob Squad if you're not aware super
tough beam 40% Dr to the squad you use
it on and Immunity to knock back which
is pretty great on the knob Squad cuz
it's the fact that they can be
suppressed and knocked over that kind of
balances them out oh but a nice counter
to the looter on the sidelines here
friend from us he activates this and he
becomes immune to suppression and
knockback so he just walks in right
there also gives him
Dr so as you can see he just walks
straight right
in straight in
there which is good you're always trying
to think what can I get to counter
whatever is on the sidelines chiefly
without having to commit my entire Army
there then you can win both things cuz
you've not oh that was a bit early on
the frenzy there it might have been too
early yeah
well didn't do much damage anyway
[__] hell might not have been you
might still been
active it's quite a good orbital
bombardment actually fortunately for
duck though the looted tank is still in
play oh man oh God these Vines they're
so annoying
oh the boom shot o [__]
hell
yikes lot of dead IST there little bit
of Chip damage coming in from the S
Cannon but it's all right you got GRS
and mebo now so there's ample repair
support and you with double blasters
coming out these Terminators are going
to melt they are suddenly way
overextended into Enemy Lines
yeah it's okay theyve got their teleport
they know what they're doing Avers
assassin's going to do the same
trick don't know man duck how how is
duck so far aheading VPS right now this
is
crazy we opening up fire or
what wow that didn't do a lot did
it jeez
man even a point
blank this is a problem
though hey might Retreat this way if he
moves to the right a little bit he's
trying to stay in play yeah he did
Retreat that way he didn't even need to
move to the right wow well fair enough I
don't know what inur is doing he needs
to hurry up and get on the VPS already
our enemies are capturing a victory
Point okay now this guy's going to have
a land Crusader up
soon that was a much better levitation
nice well over commitment again frenzy
and super T beam you should be
staggering them cuz Dr obviously Stacks
multiplicatively it's a lot more
effective when you stagger them
us and also that quite frankly there
wasn't that much damage coming in right
there anyway oh my god look how fast
those IST just get Torn to Pieces now
that these guys have got the U Jammers
and also the interceptors tried to
commit to something there I'm not sure
what but with six Blaster gits hanging
around they're not going to last too
long
ready
B deploying plasma generator duck has to
get a a land R Crusader I think but he's
not been replacing his gens so he's in
trouble your reinforcements are
here the enemies of man claim a victory
Point yeah so he's kind of forced to go
for
a cuz that's all he has the power to
afford
now we got our boys
H down for some reason I don't know
why so probably going to have a big
fight down bottom I think all the inura
needs to do is stall and get the CER
boys yeah pretty bad situation right
here in so far as the Blaster gets are
getting compromised by the
interceptors plasma guns free to fire on
the knobs ooh can the knobs snag the ins
not quite I don't know if they've used
the frenzy but wow yeah Avers assassin
buffed up there with friend on and the
Terminators hacking away no's got to get
out of
there no C boys and there is a voltima
Razer back but it is also a Triple cap
against duck right now but he does have
the VP Advantage what's that up top is
that a weird box yeah I think inura is
just kind of
experimenting right
now it's an old
school sort of idea you get the the
boy's Hut and you can put a weird boy in
it it's quite hard to
dislodge you can cover the BP but I
don't know if he can from that angle he
can yeah there you go huh obviously
that'll protect him from a lot of range
chip and it will just knock anything
over that is trying to cap that VP make
it very hard to cap unless of course
it's Terminators cuz they don't get
knocked
over PL deployed and
operational allies key to
Victory let's see what the blasters
do deoy War gear for again they're
shooting at that forward
one but the damage is solid solid
certainly then the knobs get in there
they've got a
flea covered by the istd plasma
overcharge
there no knock back because of the super
tough beam and that is a bad day for the
interceptors holy [__] yeah they get
ripped to
pieces uh loter need to get capping
meboy needs to pull out his beamy again
I assume he's used his battery pack heal
no he hasn't there it is wow God they've
got so much health are they level four
yet level three over 5,000 HP Christ
Almighty
that is
mental a little bit of Chip there onto
the vorta with the The
Blasters don't call
it negligible damage it is doing
something again attempts to hunt it with
the Mech but the EA is stood right there
now but he needs to be careful knobs are
there too he does a lot of damage but
he's not very
tanky so he's going to die yeah he's
dead and the looted tank flax with a C
speed once again I love it and then it
goes back to its position protecting the
VP very nice yeah flank and kill flank
and kill I mean that is one of the
advantages of the speed there's no doubt
about it and that will basically be the
game yeah gr Terminator is handled quite
well there
but I don't know I just what the [__]
was this game
honestly so
weird I mean there's no excuse for duck
to to lose to that in tier one obviously
duck massively out skilled
here has to be a newer player and inura
kind of just uh experimenting with them
seeing what I can get a away with trying
out blasters which yeah they're all
right but they look all right in a
situation like this but in a real game
it wouldn't be
so there's the call the boys from f the
Terminators commit to commit and then
just
be we are sustaining loses to enemy
action plus 1.5 speed when you activate
CER boys as well as 15% more damage and
then they're stacking more damage with
the U Jammers as well each swing gives
them 8% more damage for 12 seconds so
that can potentially stack for I think
three you can get maybe three attacks in
12 seconds or maybe even four
so you're looking at 24 to 30% extra
damage from the U Jammers on the base
damage and then you've got the 15% extra
from W good job Terminators but you're
gone yeah he he's shown a few tools off
here shown some of the things that Orcs
can do but I just it's not a real game
this wasn't what I would call a quote
unquote real game he's playing against
someone a lot weaker than him and he's
gone for a meme build initially and he
wasn't punished for it even though he
did lose one of those looters in tier
one inkura's micro of them wasn't superb
and he should have got the fourth gen up
ages earlier than he did I'm talking
more than five minutes earlier way
earlier but there you go so uh I guess
I'll put this as a sloppy Saturdays I
wasn't expecting to but that's what I'll
do so hope you enjoyed that one folks
get to see something new and I will say
you should be happy I would imagine most
of you will be happy to see grey night
Terminators getting wrecked because you
know normally they're a wreck and ball
themselves and they're very annoying but
they got wrecked so there you go that is
all from your Bo top and this time I am
signing out
[Music]
h